but taking into account not only do we know that you
nowadays this simplicity
the presenter mario nicolás bothering
the much to talk
Because of the relationship between the style of the bus and the originality that it deserves.
production tell us how the idea was born
to make this production
i the base will also be made
here the musical proposal is the second nation
so is
He estimated that we have
it's a new style I'm new in all this I think the final destination
Carlos can be successful
the azkar cyclists
first five romantic songs
i the reinforced with compilations
composers
Everything is waiting for it to be liked by the public
and I just want you to know that we are not preparing
Much love and respect from the bottom of my heart
she that when we give something that based on the saying
wool and the inclusion of kandahar
as well as malignant and in the local artistic world
actually since I was a little girl
by the way I always liked to participate
before she started the first set
I looked
but
with its own production just in November efe marín
percent
I came here this behavior obeys where to go
from parents oo
It is not a waste treatment of glass containers
to knowledge
I have relatives of these
musicians my dad has a very voice
he always liked to sing rancheras but only when it's apparent
great and I've always liked to participate I think Spain
and even more so when I heard the sound of the harp was the instrument has
that captivated me for many years and I always dreamed of singing
when I heard the song
fao kcna
Songs of Mrs. Amanda Portals
of everything
many artists
that he always said that I was a girl I liked to interpret
All this
I always wanted
here also there is encouraged to clean mine track
to have a brave politician
someone from the artistic medium too and that is one of the closest to where
we have a very good relationship
the fight that they do not smoke but I have the illusion that to overcome the best
the how
so is
I always
that precious voice we are
dimas
how I would like to one day have a voice as a leader but I know that never
in equaled Korea you can overcome it because it is
basin
the sums that this sentence is firm
only
Each one has
if we ourselves
brees
if children their age
it was like that to her is unique and another one of 30 thousand signatures no work
that I also think I'm going to do
public
and that this one
they feel that carisa is not allowed to have material care insurance
record that what it fattens
we talk with the most difficult songs
according puig which after the appointment with his hand which the song that we most
affect
five songs that are our
in which my husband were cardenas
in how your traditions or sweet love heart volvo man
follow france
I started my day
by the way that god is wanting many people but those who have promoted the most
for him
moments before cities
a diver and for san pablo
the one that have less and malinke this
spies were his new proposal for this
percent in the folklore market that is so difficult percent of our
country and what good
we have a proposal
to all the public interested in returning
meet
something that you liquidate division albans whole world because
road around the world and you will see the whole world the base of the khimki
something that wants to say the 'tanit iv' suddenly reaches the people who are going to
from now on the outskirts to declare
first of all I want to thank
the people who were listening to the songs of the enervant
and tell them to listen
the letters
I want to start the messages of t
and hope
that whatever happens in this life never lose hope always
Arjona a little light
that will be illuminated for us
we stretch forward
Thank you with all my heart to all the people
Ben arfa something good you want to know if the leader the pp are not guilty or his
possible this
this project of marín herat between which to work together the amazing
it is a consolidation
the madrid hotel so that the theme itself the galaxy
to science in the place
I want to thank God
it is powerful
what can be done added
appointment that comes thanks
To my husband
and why not
ansa nonetheless
leave her alone
9 who bears the name of sherry
producer not
percent of 20 years
he has
doctor would be exempt
because all this is being done
thanks friendship
for having denied these facts that until now I do not remember
and I want to give advice to all people have
viciano in all this work
Well, they have the talent to continue working with faith
because nobody but yourself
can not reach it
and the people who are already famous to take over
thank them and recognize their work what
thanks to it a new frontier has been opened killed the others
in the same way I want to thank the historical have been able to imagine
i high command my friends who have supported me in the nation
10 30 h
he painted whistle
Roberto Valdés
Cyril Cipher
vicens year
Ezequiel Rivas
once of tandil
yes zelaya